### Description

This is an implementation of a driver for the Wiznet 5500 class ethernet
I/O chip.  The chip is a hardware abstraction layer that captures most 
of the TCP/IP stack protocol inside a single part.  

For more information on the [W5500](https://www.wiznet.io/product-item/w5500/) click here.

The client node ID is specified in the W5500 PMAGIC register,
in the common register block. In addition, common registers
must be setup to allow the client to operate on the local
network. This typically includes the gateway (GAR),
subnet mask (SUBR), harware MAC address (SHAR),
and IP address (SIPR) registers.

The chip provides 8 sockets. These are designated as CP/NET server
mappings by setting the high byte of the socket source port (Sn_PORT0)
to 0x31 and the low byte (Sn_PORT1) to the assigned CP/NET server node ID.
Such sockets will be opened as TCP/IP sockets connecting to the
server specified by Sn_DIPR and Sn_DPORT.

Some connections, particularly going through certain routers or ISPs,
may require "keep alive" be set. A value should be set in the
Sn_KPALVTR register. Note this register value is in units of 5 seconds.
A keep alive interval of 45 seconds has been effective, which
requires a value in Sn_KPALVTR of "9".
Keep alive is typically not needed for local-area network connections.
Depending on the utility used to set this value,
the 5-second units conversion may already be handled for you.

CP/NET messages are sent and received in binary, with no CRC or checksum
(TCP/IP will handle errors/retries).

### Building

make NIC=w5500 HBA=xxx

### Using

A compatible server is implemented in CpnetSocketServer.jar.
Depending on the platform, different utilities and procedures are
used to configure the network. The W5500 does not retain any
settings during power off or RESET, and so generally requires
configuration every time the system is booted. Some platforms
will RESET the W5500 when the ZPU (system) is RESET, others provide
a separate mechanism to reset the W5500.

### Caveat's

